# Where-it-started

Back when I was in High School, I took an Intro to Java course because my sister thought I would be interested in it. Taking the class at 14 with no background in programming was a challenge, but my teacher, a programming expert, made it easier. I enrolled in another class in my Sophomore year to learn C++, but due to the pandemic, the year got cut short, and we went to learning online. At this time, it wasn't the coding that wanted me to continue his classes, but my teacher. Even though we were online, he found a way to continue his magic tricks every Friday and emphasized how important logic is in programming. He not only taught programming, but he also taught us how to problem solve through the daily logic groups and drawing a picture when we were having a hard time understanding what the program was asking us. 

Pretty often, I think about how lucky I was to have a teacher like him. When it was my junior year of High School, I asked him for advice on my future. I told him I had no idea what I wanted to go to college for, but expressed how his classes were one of the reasons why I go to school. He gave it to me straight (as he usually would to any student) and advised that I enroll in his AP Computer Science A and AP Computer Science Principles courses. He told me it was going to be hard, but he believed I could do it. Entering my senior year and enrolled in his AP classes, I had one goal, which was to get on his "Hall of Fame Board" for students who passed the AP exams. 

My drive for my goal led me to my success, and I soon saw my name on the board. It was a time that is memorable to me because not only did I work tirelessly, but I also had an amazing mentor who encouraged me to reach my potential. I acknowledged that I am not one of those people who are naturally gifted at programming, but someone who puts in the effort through hard work and dedication. 

In this repo, I have projects I programmed back in High School that I would like to share. Although they are not perfect, they are my origin story, and what better place to post them than GitHub? 
